Updated Fulfillment App (#1439)
hotwax/oms-documentation: documents/store-operations/fulfillment/fulfillment-setting-page.md

---
description: >-
  The Settings page displays all configuration options that store teams can use to manage order fulfillment as per their store operations.
---

# Settings Page

<div data-full-width="false">

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/fulfillment application setting page .png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

</div>

## OMS

### Product Store

A Product Store represents a brand or a set of products. If your OMS is connected to multiple eCommerce brands selling different product collections, you can have separate Product Stores in HotWax Commerce.

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/fulfillment.hotwax 2.png" alt="" width="375"><figcaption><p>Select Product store</p></figcaption></figure>

### Facility

The Fulfillment App allows authorized users to select a facility to operate from, determining the visibility of orders, inventory, and other configuration data.

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/facility-selection-modal.png" alt="" width="375"><figcaption><p>Select Facility</p></figcaption></figure>

### Online Order Fulfillment

> This setting helps to configure the online order fulfillment capacity of the facility. If the facility can handle unlimited orders, "Unlimited Capacity" can be selected. If new orders should not be assigned to the facility, "No Capacity" can be chosen. A custom number can also be entered if there is a specific limit.

Reviewer: discard this change. previous wording was fine

Author: okay

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/fulfillment.hotwax 4.png" alt="" width="375"><figcaption><p>Online Order Fulfillment</p></figcaption></figure>

### Sell Inventory Online

> This allows selection of whether the inventory at a facility should be made available for online orders or restricted to in-store fulfillment only.

Reviewer: revert to old language here as well

## App

### Product Identifier

This setting allows selection of a primary and secondary product identifier, such as product ID or SKU, to control how products are displayed in the app.

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/fulfillment.hotwax 5.png" alt="" width="375"><figcaption><p>Choose Product identifier</p></figcaption></figure>

### Timezone

> The selected timezone ensures that all scheduled actions, like automatic jobs or tasks, run at the correct local time. 

Reviewer: need to make this specific to fulfillment app

Author: The timezone you select is used to ensure automations you schedule are always accurate to the time you select.
 
 This is the description of the timezone card. Do we need to change its description as well?

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/fulfillment.hotwax 6.png" alt="" width="375"><figcaption><p>Select timezone</p></figcaption></figure>

### Language

> This setting allows choosing the preferred display language. This setting controls the language used throughout the interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose the preferred display language. This setting controls the language used throughout the interface.
```

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/fulfillment.hotwax 8.png" alt="" width="375"><figcaption><p>Select Language</p></figcaption></figure>

### Additional Documents

#### Shipping Label and Packing Slip Settings

> These settings control whether shipping labels and packing slips are printed along with each shipment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These settings control whether shipping labels and packing slips are printed along with each shipment by default.
```

##### Generate Shipping Label  
A shipping label is used by the delivery carrier to send the package to the customer’s address. The setting allows deciding whether to print packing slips for shipments or not.  

##### Generate Packing Slip  

> A packing slip shows the list of items in an order and helps match delivered products with what was ordered. This setting controls whether shipping labels should be printed for the selected location.  

Reviewer: @gauravbhand1611

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/fulfillment.hotwax 7.png" alt="" width="375"><figcaption><p>Additional Documents</p></figcaption></figure>

### Notification Preference

> This setting controls whether notifications should be sent when a shipping order is created. 

Reviewer: created? like from shopify? @gauravbhand1611

Author: Yes, this is creating confusion. I will make it clear.

### Force Scan

> This setting makes sure that products are scanned before being marked as shipped. If a barcode doesn't match, the product name is used to identify the item. It also lets the staff choose which product detail, like SKU, should be used for scanning.

Reviewer: what does "product name is used to identify the item" mean?

Author: It means internal name, that we can find in product entity.

### Allow Partial Rejections

> When [Partial Rejection is enabled](rejection.md), individual items get rejected from a facility without impacting the rest of the order.

Reviewer: page doesn't exist

Author: fixed
